# Accuracy Checker

This process is aimed at keeping a check on the accuracy of decoding the words. We are recording our voice and based on the hypothesis file generated by the decoder, it is accordingly updating the statistics file.

## Running the process

```
$./run.sh
```

## For automating the decoder

```
$./lock.sh
```

## For automating the process for the audio files in the samples

```
$./dict.sh
```

## For merging all the audio files with same name and then running the accuracy scripts....automating the whole process.

```
$./merge.sh
```

## Documentation

### `record_lock.py`

Used to record the audio input from the microphone efficiently and store it into audio files. The process is stopped only through a keyboard interrupt. The program waits till some audio input is there and then starts recording. After each recording, the audio file is processed to generate statistics...and then deleted...so there is upto only one **.wav** file in the wav folder. 

* `record(event, queue)`: Records the audio input if it's volume is higher than a threshold value.
* `listen(event, queue)`: Listens to the audio stream and pushes the chunks into a queue.

### `stat.py`

Generates the audio accuracy statistics file.

### `edit.py`

Generates the **test.fileids** and **test.transcription** files for use in decoding the text.

### `word_align.pl`

Perl script to generate accuracy statistics data..comparing the transcription and hypothesis files.
Taken from the sphinxbase library of CMU Sphinx.

### `rename.py`

Script to rename the test.hyp file.

**The files below are mainly to create the accuracy statistics of the provided audio.**

### `convert.py`

A script to convert all the .mp3 files to .wav files for further operations. 

### `dictionary.py`

A script to help start the decoding process for the accuracy detection of the audio files given in samples.zip

### `append.py`

Creates the dictionary from the hypothesis files.

### `translate.py`

For creating the test.transcription and test.fileids files and also for updating the hypothesis files.

### `final.py`

To truncate the dictionary files for each words so that no repetitions are there.

### `make.py`

To make the final phonetic dictionary based on the results obtained, if not already made previously.

### `add.py`

To append to the already made final phonetic dictionary.

### `new_dict.py`

Script to make a new dictionary merging data from phonetic.csv and the old dictionary.

### `dict_sort.py`

Simple script to sort the new dictionary to make it more proper.

**For working on the merged audio.**

### `merge.py`

To merge all the audio with the same name along with intervals of silence in between them

### `decode.py`

For decoding the merged audio and generating accuracy stats.


