# Accuracy Checker

This process is aimed at keeping a check on the accuracy of decoding the words. We are recording our voice and based on the hypothesis file generated by the decoder, it is accordingly updating the statistics file.

## Running the process for live speech input from microphone

```
$./live_speech_processing.sh
```

## For automating the process for the audio files in the samples

```
$./sample_audio_processing.sh
```

## For making the new updated dictionary and transporting it to the language models directory after all the processing has been done

```
$./transport.sh
```

## For merging all the audio files with same name and then running the accuracy scripts....automating the whole process.

```
$./merge.sh
```

## Documentation

### `stat.py`

Generates the audio accuracy statistics file.

### `word_align.pl`

Perl script to generate accuracy statistics data..comparing the transcription and hypothesis files.
Taken from the sphinxbase library of CMU Sphinx.

### `rename.py`

Script to rename the test.hyp file.

**The files below are mainly to create the accuracy statistics of the provided audio.**

### `convert.py`

A script to convert all the .mp3 files to .wav files for further operations. 

### `dictionary.py`

A script to help start the decoding process for the accuracy detection of the audio files given in samples.zip. The audio files are actually given in a format where the name of the file is 'A.wav' if it is having a recording of the pronounciattion of letter 'A'. So this script generates a hypothesis file, let's say 'A.hyp' and initiates runner.sh to run the decoder script to dump the hypothesized outputs of all the 'A.wav' files into that specific file, each time.

### `append.py`

Creates the dictionary from the hypothesis files. The hypothesis file goes on overridden by new outputs, but the dictionary file gets appended with all the results.

### `translate.py`

For creating the test.transcription and test.fileids files and also for updating the hypothesis files.

### `final.py`

To truncate the dictionary files for each words so that no repetitions are there.

### `make.py`

To make the final phonetic dictionary based on the results obtained, if not already made previously.

### `add.py`

To append to the already made final phonetic dictionary.

### `modify.py`

To change the structure of the dictionary...like if D was hypothesized as D A then it will get changed into D AH and D EY. This is mainly done to improve the overall output, we do this by replacing let's say 'A' in D A into its already present breakdown, that is, AH and EY.

### `new_dict.py`

Script to make a new dictionary merging data from phonetic.csv and the old dictionary.

### `dict_sort.py`

Simple script to sort the new dictionary to make it more proper.

**For working on the merged audio.**

### `merge.py`

To merge all the audio with the same name along with intervals of silence in between them. 

### `decode.py`

For decoding the merged audio and generating accuracy stats.


